Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#7)
nhcarrigan/gimme-colours: CONTRIBUTING.md

First, fork this repository to your own account. Then use `git clone <url>` to bring your forked repository down to your local machine (remember to get the URL for *your* repository, not the original). Optionally, use `git remote add upstream <url>` to add the original repository as the upstream (this is helpful for keeping your fork up-to-date).

> (`npm ci`) - this will install the necessary node packages.(`npm i -g <tgz file`>) - this will install the test package. (`npm pack`) - this will generate npn test package.
> 
> After you have made your changes, run the following commands to verify that the lint, build, and tests pass.
> 
> (`npm run lint`) - runs the linter on the codebase. (`npm run build`) - generates a production build for the application. (`npm run test`) - runs the Karma unit tests.
>  
>  All three of these steps will need to pass for any PR to be accepted.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prepare the codebase, install the dependencies with `npm ci`. Then make your changes to the files.

After you have made your changes, run the following commands to verify that the lint, build, and tests pass. `npm run lint` - runs the linter on the codebase. `npm run build` - generates a production build for the application. `npm run test` - runs the unit tests.
 
 All three of these steps will need to pass for any PR to be accepted.

Finally, test your changes in the command line tool by building a test package with `npm pack` (note that you must build the files before this step!). This will generate a `.tgz` file, which you will need to install with `npm i -g <filename.tgz>` (replacing filename with the actual file name). Then run `gimme-colours` in the terminal to verify everything works.
```
